# Reflection by Devin and Sweta

This laboratory assignment required us to explore the real-world applications
of Computer Science. The main motive of the project, which is to guide us about
the use of the various kinds of real-world software along with effective
collaboration with the partner, we were enlightened by learning about the
aspects of real-world computer software. Although the program that we created
was a simple one, we learned a lot throughout the process.

Throughout the completion of this assignment, we ran into many different
problems. However, we managed to come up with multiple ideas for our system
including different colored text used in the terminal. Also, we implemented
several pauses throughout the system in between different text subtitles in
order to give the story a more guided feel. Additionally, pit permitted more
time for the player to read the words displayed in the outputs of the game. We
leveraged our knowledge in formatting code in order to organize most of our
code. As a result, we were able to implement textual art to accompany the text
displayed on the screen.

This was certainly our first experience of working on a program from scratch.
At the beginning, we were quite intimidated and overwhelmed from thinking about
all the stuff we had to do, and we doubted if we could actually make it happen.
However, with all the guidance from Professor Kapfhammer and the teaching
assistants, we were able to figure out our problems. We were having trouble
with locating our class in the program which was resolved by deleting the
package of our previous class. Using the text art raised a number of problems
as there were certain characters that are required to be treated in a special
way. We figured that out by referring to our notes in the class. Overall, it
felt really great when our program ran successfully. Despite all the struggles
we had to deal with, we feel that we came up with a good result. Most
importantly, we learned a lot about new codes and the importance of
collaborating.
