# Report by Devin and Sweta

INTRODUCTION TO THE FINAL PROJECT

This final laboratory assignment was designed in order to let the students
choose a certain topic from the given list and work on it by collaborating with
a partner. Amongst the list of interesting projects, we decided to work on the
topic 'Interactive Storytelling'. Throughout the semester, we had always been
interested in the programs that required user inputs as that would result in
different outputs. That was what prompted us to create a program that would
allow the user to engage in an adventure-style story based game. Interaction
with the program while running it sounds exciting, especially when it's a game
and we feel everyone would look forward to it.

PROJECT DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION

After deciding on our proposal, our next step was to come up with a suitable
story for our game. After hovering around a lot of thoughts and ideas, we
finally came up with the idea that our game plan would be a mysterious one
where the user would be on an adventure to find out the mystery behind a nearly
deserted town.In addition to that, we worked on our plot, setting and
characters.

We had three classes for our program: 'Adventure.java' and 'Vanish.java'. The
first class 'Adventure.java' layed out the foundations of our program. We
implemented print line statements in it that welcomes the user to the game and
guides them with the instructions to play the game. All of the other main
methods were implemented in the other class 'Vanish.java'. In order to call the
methods from our first class to another, we were required to initialise an
instance of the class in our source code which worked perfectly. As our program
had a couple of options to choose from, we used the if-else statements to carry
out the procedure. In order to make the program look appealing, we introduced
ASCII-art that referred to the certain scenarios in the program. As we have
learnt that Java treats some of the characters in a special way, we had to
figure that out. We made the program look more organized by adding pause
periods at certain places in the source code. That was possible by using a code
we learnt on one of the websites. It's 'Thread.sleep()'. Our main motive for
doing so was to provide sufficient time for the user to read the guidelines for
th next step in the program instead of rushing over it. Our next goal was to
make the program appear captivating. That was made possible by adding certain
colors to our ASCII art. We had set the color at the beginning of the print
line statement and had to reset it at the end. We had defined the colors as
strings and used them as print line statements.

THANK YOU!



